portal glass and finger all mobile
entertainment on glafi.com
hello everyone with you before goal 73 is in front of you
new developer answers
so go recently you did a survey
premium account with 75 percent credits
and 25 percent experience and vice versa as there
their implementation is progressing or you found
unprofitable these premium account and
the developers have answered this yet
We do but not completely abandoned
lies in the bank idea whether you are planning
change application icon developers
answered yes in the future we would like to plan
would remind that the icon is already
altered under various events
are you planning to re-enter voiceovers
struck and hit with tablets
situation when you shoot and you get
the enemy who is not lit
developers answered no only removed
does it wait for an improvement optimization on
android devices future developers
gave the answer to work on performance
we don't stop it permanent
process we all know what modules are hidden
specifications
why not make these parameters
open and visible
the developers answered this question
related to a common ideology
operating here games like mechanics
combat almost identical
open any parameters in
mobile tanks that were not
published in the world of tanks for now we
hardly we will wait when the timer
recharging in sight and some
settings for sight developers
answered so far we have questions on
translucent element and customization
elements of sight but the plans have long been
there is one of the priority cards to
rework lost temple
let them x great card whats with her
not this way
developers gave the answer vps optimization
cutting out extra trees is small
reworking the city to avoid cases
where the main battle takes place in one
risk rebalancing corner and place for
capture
is it right to understand that branches lt 8
Americans are also shelved
the developers answered are planning
potesting different levels of drummers on
internal tests after this will be
more understandable that
and how are you going
rebalance tank maus developers
answered a little about whether
redesigned sight in 19 developers
answered at 19 apparently not we
We are working not only on a range finder but
also over the reload timer and
the possibility of customizing sight still you
planning to correct the error with
tablets and nvidia shield tablet
or rather idle motion sticks
tank if yes then when developers
answered we know about the problem
will the problem be fixed
erasing chat messages on ios
developers answered the problem is transferred
tester and studied
these were the most interesting answers
developers thanks for watching
subscribe to the channel join my
group vkontakte and put husky
I am happy to leave comments
read them all good luck guys